Add lifecycle and clean up the compatibility table (#584)
planetscale/vitess-operator: README.md

However, in some cases we may be unable to overcome the underlying limitations
in our dependencies.

### Release Cycle

For each major release of Vitess there will be a minor release of the vitess-operator.
Each minor release of the vitess-operator follows the same lifecycle as Vitess' releases:
1-year-long lifespan leading to an EOL the same day as the corresponding Vitess major release.

> We might release new patch release on a need basis or when doing a patch release in Vitess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We might make new patch releases on an as- needed basis or when doing a patch release of Vitess.
```

> Doing a patch release in Vitess does not necessarily means that there will be a corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing a patch release of Vitess does not necessarily mean that there will be a corresponding
```

> patch release in the vitess-operator, the release lead will take the decision based on what changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
patch release of the vitess-operator. The release lead will make a decision based on what has changed
```
